The outer shape is very important and men are attracted to it, but women may not know that men are attracted to things more important than shape
Each man has a different nature than the other, but they tend to have many things in common that make women more attractive to them
In this report, the magazine's channel lists 10 things men like about women:
- Good listening: Men adore women who are able to listen only, without giving sermons
lectures or comments and advice on what to do if the same position, the ability to listen from the most things that the man feels support and make him want to talk about his problems and dreams with all the comfort And it also shows women's understanding and ability to be patient and enduring